I see you have no foundation
I just gave you seven days.
You don't appreciate it
Master, did you hear it wrong?
He didn't say anything
Shut up, your master is occasionally deaf
I only need a stick of incense
What even if it is a street tona
How can time penetrate a mere stick of incense?
A stick of incense wants to penetrate the secret manual
Are you kidding me?
Xiao Yinfeng, your tone is so loud
If you can't penetrate a stick of incense
So what?
Then I'll go down the mountain by myself
Then let me see if you're talking nonsense
The world of fish and incense books may not be stable
I still want to understand
Hmph, this little white face leaves
In Junior Sister Lu's eyes, I am the only one humming
Although it is a unique secret
But the art of vomiting is never good for his sect
If the speed is long
We must also rely on the power of God's suffering
Move Zhenyuan through the body
Just pretend, half a stick of incense is about to pass
You shut up and don't disturb him
Little Junior Sister is very concerned about him, I want you to take care of it
It's only half a stick of incense
You can understand